>> Kent C. Dodds: So now we’re gonna
talk about Higher Order Components.
So one thing actually, here we can
see the problem in our last exercise.
So if we look at the usage here,
there are like for
example this subtitle, or
lots of these different
places that need to use
the Toggle.Consumer,
you wind up nesting a fair amount.
And you're kind of repeating
yourself in some places.
So higher order components
came after mixins,
which was an older React concept,
as a way to share code.
There are some limitations to them,
but in general they're pretty useful.
A useful mechanism for
reducing or sharing code.
And especially in a case where you're
seeing a lot of the same stuff,
okay, toggle consumer, toggle, toggle on.
And we're doing something very
similar in this subtitle here as well.
And so
wouldn't it be nice if we could, well.
This is totally contrived.
But what this could look like is
const Subtitle = withToggle.
And then this is just a thing
that accepts toggle as a prop and
then renders this thing.
Wow, yeah,
I should've had another one of these.
Here, let me add another one.
The contrived example is they're just for
me to be able to test that
you did things properly.
Good example of this would be this thing.
So it have const SwitchText =
withToggle(().
>> Kent C. Dodds: And then instead
of all this toggle consumer nonsense,
>> Kent C. Dodds: We actually
just provide the Consumer function.
Whoop, [NOISE] there we go.
And I gotta figure out my parentheses,
there we go.
I just keep on going until Prettier
starts applying its niceness.
But yeah,
th t we can see the difference here,
function, switch Text2, there we go.
So you compare the two of these.
And yeah, okay, I could kinda see
a case where this seems a little bit
over the top compared to a harrowed or
component version of this.
This is the only one example that applies
that what we've currently worked through.
You could have a lot of different cases
where you have this function that
gives you a component back that applies
a lot of different things on top of it.
React Redux, React router, all of these
have this high order components that do
some extra work and give you a component
that will manage that extra work for you.
And so you save on a fair amount of code.
The difference between render props and
a higher order of components is that
with a higher order component
you get back a component.
And so that happens statically.
LWhen your app boots up,
it's creating all these components and
then you render those components.
With render props,
all of this happens at rendered time,
which gives you a ton more flexibility.
Whether or not you're applying certain
props and things of that nature.
And so this is why we're
gonna build our higher order
component on top of our render prop.
Which actually, incidentally,
is gonna be the toggle consumer, which
will be implementing the render prop.
But yeah, every single time
anything you can do with a higher order
component with a render prop component.
But sometimes the higher order component
kind of provide a nicer API for
the code that you're trying to share.
And so by building a react
prop component first and
then building a higher order component
on top of that, you can provide both.
So you say, here's the higher order
component if you want the simpler, nicer,
smaller API.
But if you really need the flexibility,
the render prop is what this is built on
anyway, so you just use that directly.
So I can't imagine a situation
where you'd want to have
a higher order component that wasn't under
the hood implemented as a render prop.
It's too easy.
Okay, so your task, the whole thing
lives inside withToggle function.
And it's all spelled out for you,
the steps that you have to take.
And there's one thing
that will be new to you.
Probably it's this React.forwardRef.
That's new to React in general,
so I've put some links in there.
If you get stuck for more than 30 seconds,
just look at the solution to reference it
real quick and come back and
go through it.
Don't spend too much time on that.